highlight I greet you nice tour
have turned back in the
Today's video will be about the anabolic
diet is a resumee of my conclusion
page out after watching you one year
have done and also successful
was like one in one too
transformation process could come along
this diet pretty positive his
body composition change
and why I 'm fat on heiko where
I prefer in both diets
disadvantages see everything in this
video stays tuned
the 100th
the topic is politics and mine
experience from it and heiko we catch
with that, although now on the anna
Pohl advises why you see why
something happens how it performs
All this you will learn my previous
videos because I have everything in detail and
very extensively explains my experience
one year though diet what was positive what
was negative what can you say
I'll tell you the beginning of the day
a little bit difficult was the beginning
difficult you had the right one
things find the right food
you have to have a little bit of time
invest to see what
food but less carbohydrates
and what can not or what I like
rather or something I do not taste so much
and you have to know a bit yes
invest time to find out
which foods are suitable for one
are and I found that at the beginning of the
more difficult part of the diet afterwards
when you feel rich in fat and why
Nourishes itself and thinks the crisis
Come on, you should just stop this
introduction let me tell you this one
conversion takes a few days but if
One should start with the anabolic diet
the first two to three weeks
not load as and then as it does
went off with the load yes once the
week or load
at that time twice even the week loaded
which was too much for me personally
but what I mean by that you want to say it
feeds protein for five to six days
fat rich and 1 to twice the
week you can bid yes and I have
really ate a lot of shit
really eaten a lot and scrap
Still, my shape got better and better
and at the beginning it was not planned that me
one years anabolic by lead
but with the time where I have seen
hey my form is getting better my
Body is getting lower and lower
yes and I may even once a week
eat so much forbidden things too
hey what I want more I do this
idea further I think it's stupid and
Stop it now and it will always be like that
after more and more and more
always more
of course, I also have it in parallel
strength training a lot of strength training
operated and also a lot of cadertraining yes
sometimes so many mistakes too
also made with the shop and there and
but the diet itself was always
top so I really had none
hunger strikes it was not difficult
To perform this diet was once
well saturated that has nothing
missing because at the end of the week loaded
in training yes in training I have
No loss of strength had no power
At some point I lose with that
Body fat content was pretty low
of course and also a lot of weight
Of course he has lost mine
automatically with the weight down
Of course you also need a bit
muscle mass but too normal
conventional diets yes where to part
I'll say it in quotes
hungry and sometimes there are too
which then very fast force
I find that lose in this diet
that was not the case
That's why I was able to do this diet a lot
just perform I have very little
to no power a booster beginning
and by that I really could
a year to complete this and could
really yes I'll tell a close one
single-digit body fat content come
what is difficult about this diet or what
to pay particular attention to that
exit there are people who can directly
make the exit directly
With carbohydrates, they start again
namely to
or they hardly grow and know about it
I also personally with the people
has talked about it
but there are also people who now for
example I got out of this
must carefully plan carefully hot
gradually the carbohydrate slowly
reintroduce and then it's 6 7 8
10 weeks that it type of every body
otherwise you have to grope and
Look how you get the carbohydrates
tolerates and how fast you get
can install
that really is the only one really
more difficult part
the diet does not do that or that
Hold on for a long time
but the exit must really
very carefully and very well planned
become
So why am I uploading then
come
he had the thought that
trainingspensum you drive a very high
intensity trains as well as one
Crazy partly in the gym around
also to increase some power and also
build muscle mass even if it
try a slow step
to carry out now with the construction it
is better with carbohydrates
try
I am now about six years old
weeks I train on Heiko fans
has been traveling for about three months for three months
is training really hard again
Gym and currently I have to be real
Saying is my body composition
improves very very positive
i and i could say a lot i say mine
Quotes pretty good
build up strength
in the last five weeks and me
would watch that a bit now
how this develops
how far i am with the carbohydrates
can go up and so on and so forth
I just want to look and see
how my body is changing right now
can only say that I am very much
I have my data from back then
Of course, why drive all unfinished
times with weighty written down with
date and compared to today
or how currently the
development behaves from the high k
Blofeld is pretty positive so me
I am very surprised that that
really works so well after all
has all to really now that what
meaningful from my side
you have to hold my opinion
really only five six months that
drive through all times
So make and look like yourself
the whole then developed or
will develop yes I hope the video
I liked you, come I hope
I could do this one and the other
tip surfaces info or a seascape
anabolic diet or my experience the
I was able to collect from it and me
I have the video has failed
and if there are more such videos
if you want such info videos say
I'm interested in writing it in
The comments are thumbs up
subscribe me and until then I say
times
see you